THE FINAL FRONTIER.
Kirk: SPACE:
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
TO BOLDLY GO
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 1254.4.
SCIENTISTS HAVE THEORIZED
FOR YEARS
THAT IF OUR GALAXY WAS CREATED
FROM A GREAT EXPLOSION,
THEN THE CENTER OF THE GALAXY
CREATING NEW MATTER.
MIGHT STILL BE
THE ENTERPRISE IS NOW
ON A SCIENCE MISSION
TO INVESTIGATE.
THAT WE MAY ACTUALLY WITNESS
IT'S AN AWESOME THOUGHT
MATTER BEING CREATED.
WE MAY ALSO ENCOUNTER
FORCES AND PHENOMENA
IF WE DO, CAPTAIN,
BEYOND OUR UNDERSTANDING.
GALAXY CENTER, CAPTAIN.
SOUND YELLOW ALERT.
LIEUTENANT UHURA,
AYE, SIR. YELLOW ALERT.
[ALARM BLARING]
YELLOW ALERT READINESS, SIR.
ALL STATIONS REPORT
CAPTAIN!
Kirk: THE CREATION POINT.
Spock: AN EXTRAORDINARY
PHENOMENON, CAPTAIN.
DEFLECTOR SCREENS ON.
HOLD OUR POSITION.
REVERSE POWER.
DEFLECTORS UP.
SIR, IT'S TAKING CONSIDERABLE
POWER TO HOLD POSITION.
CHARTING SCANNERS ON, CAPTAIN.
BEGINNING SCIENCE SURVEY.
WHAT IN THE NAME OF SANITY
IS GOING ON?
JIM. SPOCK.
WE'RE HERE, BONES.
AND THE THEORIES
ABOUT THIS PLACE
SEEM TO BE RIGHT.
THAT THING'S PULLING US IN.
I'M UP TO WARP 6.
CAPTAIN,
SOME FORM OF MATTER-ENERGY
SCANNERS INDICATE IT'S
WHIRLWIND, CAPTAIN.
WARP 7, CAPTAIN.
WARP 8.
TAKE US OUT OF HERE, MR. SULU.
STILL BEING DRAWN IN, CAPTAIN.
WARP 9. WARP 10.
EMERGENCY REVERSE POWER.
HOW MUCH MORE EMERGENCY POWER
CAPTAIN, I DON'T KNOW
WE CAN TAKE
BEFORE WE START TO BREAK UP.
ONLY ONE CHOICE.
THERE MAY BE
ITS ATMOSPHERIC COUNTERPARTS,
THIS WHIRLWIND IS LIKE
WE MUST HOPE
THAT THERE IS CALM
AT ITS CENTER.
AGREED.
FOR THE EYE OF THE STORM.
WE'LL TRY TO MAKE
ALLOW ME.
ENGINEERING, REPORT.
EVERYTHING CAN BE REPAIRED,
CAPTAIN.
AN INCREDIBLE EXPERIENCE,
SCIENTIFICALLY FASCINATING.
I FIND THIS
AT LEAST I HAVE THE GOOD SENSE
TO BE SCARED, JIM. WHAT NOW?
WE'LL RIDE HER THROUGH, BONES.
WHAT ELSE CAN WE DO?
RIDE HER THROUGH WHERE?
THROUGH THE CENTER OF THINGS,
DOCTOR.
THE CENTER OF EVERYTHING.
THROUGH WHAT MAY BE
[ELECTRONIC BUZZING]
WHERE ARE WE?
NAVIGATIONAL COORDINATES
I'M AFRAID OUR
MEAN VERY LITTLE HERE,
LIEUTENANT.
WE ARE NOT IN TIME AND SPACE
MY READINGS INDICATE
AS WE UNDERSTAND IT.
DOCTOR, THESE READINGS
MAY INTEREST YOU.
CAPTAIN, THE SUBSPACE RADIO,
IT'S DEAD.
EVEN THE SHIP'S CHRONOMETERS
HAVE STOPPED.
Scotty on intercom: CAPTAIN,
THERE'S NO REASON FOR IT,
BUT THE ENGINES
ARE FADING OUT.
APPARENTLY, THE NATURAL LAWS
OF OUR UNIVERSE
DON'T OPERATE HERE,
CAPTAIN.
SHIP'S LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS
FADING.
[COUGHING]
JIM, WE NEED OXYGEN.
EMERGENCY BATTERY POWER.
HELMSMAN,
THERE IS NONE, CAPTAIN.
[GASPING]
ALL SYSTEMS ARE DEAD.
WE'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING.
JIM,
[THUDDING]
AH, HUMANS.
LOVELY PRIMITIVE HUMANS.
CAN'T YOU DO ANYTHING RIGHT?
PLEASE.
OF COURSE, FRIEND.
OF COURSE.
RHADAMANTHUS!
[ELECTRONIC RATTLING]
EVERYTHING IS WORKING,
MY FRIENDS.
IT IS NOT LOGICAL.
IT CANNOT.
LOGIC? WHOSE LOGIC,
MY ELFIN FRIEND?
LOOK AROUND YOU, SPOCK.
EVERYTHING IS WORKING.
WELCOME! I KNEW EVENTUALLY
HUMANS WOULD COME
SEARCHING FOR ME.
WHO ARE YOU?
CALL ME LUCIEN!
CALL ME FRIEND!
NEVER COULD I ABANDON THOSE
WHO COME TO ROLLICK WITH ME.
BUT NOT UP HERE. NO, NO.
LET US LEAVE THIS VESSEL
TRUE DELIGHTS LIE!
AND GO WHERE
YOU ALL RIGHT?
BONES,
BUT A FACE FULL OF DUST.
NOTHING WRONG, JIM,
A MEDICAL TRICORDER...
BUT IF I HAD
JIM, LOOK AT YOURSELF.
Kirk: LUCIEN, DO SOMETHING.
VERY WELL, CAPTAIN.
I'D FORGOTTEN HOW MUCH BODILY
INTEGRITY MEANS TO YOU HUMANS.
HOLDING US TOGETHER LIKE THIS.
THIS ISN'T EASY, YOU KNOW,
IT'S NOT EVEN NATURAL.
BEING IN ONE PIECE
WHERE WE COME FROM.
IS VERY NATURAL
QUITE ABSORBING, DOCTOR.
I FIND THIS ALL
YOU'RE NOT VERY NATURAL
TO BEGIN WITH, SPOCK.
PROBABLY BECAUSE
OR WHATEVER YOU WANT
TO CALL YOURSELF,
LOOK, LUCIEN,
WHY YOU BROUGHT US HERE.
I WANT TO KNOW
CHILDREN WILL PLAY.
IS THIS BETTER, MY FRIENDS?
Lucien:
I'VE TRANSLATED MY WORLD
INTO SYMBOLS YOUR MINDS
CAN UNDERSTAND.
WELCOME, MY FRIENDS,
TO MEGAS-TU.
Kirk: AND JUST EXACTLY
WHAT IS MEGAS-TU?
CAPTAIN JAMES KIRK,
Lucien: A WORLD,
QUITE DIFFERENT FROM THOSE
THAT OPERATES BY RULES
IN YOUR UNIVERSE.
SUPERSTITIOUSLY CALL MAGIC.
OUR UNIVERSE OPERATES
BY WHAT YOU
JUST MY IMAGINATION, BUT...
I KNOW THIS IS
Lucien: IT IS REAL, DOCTOR.
BEAUTIFUL? NO.
ARE AS YOUNG AND BEAUTIFUL
BUT ALL OUR WOMEN
AS THEY WANT TO BE.
HER DREAMS, SHE NEEDS AN EDGE.
SO AS TO ENSNARE THE MAN OF
Kirk: A LOVE PHILTER?
Lucien: NEVER SETTLE
FOR ANYTHING LESS.
DO YOU NEED A ROOM,
A STABLE, A CASTLE?
STOP IN AT YOUR FRIENDLY
SORCERER-CONTRACTOR.
LET HIM DO THE WORK.
OF COURSE.
OUR FEDERATION SCIENTISTS
THAN THEY REALIZED.
WERE MORE CORRECT
IN ORDER TO FUNCTION,
MUST EXTEND THROUGH SPACE, TIME,
THE GALACTIC CREATION POINT
INTO ANOTHER DIMENSION
WHERE THE LOGIC OF THINGS
IS TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
TO GET YOUR VESSEL
WORKING AGAIN --
IT TOOK MAGIC
MAGIC YOU, MY FRIENDS,
DON'T KNOW HOW TO WORK.
BUT THEN YOU NEVER DID KNOW,
DID YOU?
CALLING US FRIENDS,
LUCIEN, YOU KEEP
IMPLYING THAT YOU KNOW US --
HOW?
OH, CAPTAIN, CAPTAIN,
TO FEIGN SUCH IGNORANCE TO ME.
VERY WELL. LOOK.
Lucien: MEGAS-TU MAY SEEM TO YOU
A CHAOTIC WORLD,
BUT ITS PEOPLE ARE CALM,
PEACEFUL, CONTEMPLATIVE,
IN HIS OWN KIND OF MAGIC.
EACH A SPECIALIST
ANYWHERE IN OUR UNIVERSE,
THERE ARE NO RIVALS
CAPTAIN KIRK.
NO OTHER LIFE FORMS AT ALL.
FOR COMPANIONSHIP,
MILLENNIA AGO,
IN OUR SEARCH
THE POINT BETWEEN DIMENSIONS,
WE MEGANS PASSED THROUGH
WE FOUND OURSELVES
AND EVENTUALLY,
ON YOUR WORLD, EARTH.
WE BECAME ADVISORS TO MANKIND.
WHEREVER WE WENT,
TO HELP YOUR ANCESTORS,
WE DREW ON THE POWER
LEFT BEHIND IN OUR OWN UNIVERSE
AND MADE IT WORK
IN YOUR WORLD.
BUT EVENTUALLY,
WE HAD TO LEAVE.
I DIDN'T WANT TO, MY FRIENDS.
OH, HOW I FOUGHT!
AMID ALL THE SPECIALISTS.
I WAS THE GENERALIST
THE TROUBLEMAKER, THEY SAID.
LOVED THE PEOPLE OF EARTH.
BUT I'D ALWAYS
THOSE WERE THE DAYS.
BUT NOW YOU'VE COME TO ME,
AND I'M SO VERY GLAD.
BUT WHY DID YOU MEGANS
LEAVE EARTH?
IF YOU ENJOYED IT SO MUCH,
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
[GUFFAWING]
CAPTAIN, GOOD CAPTAIN,
ALWAYS SO CURIOUS.
YOU EARTHLINGS SO MUCH.
THAT MUST BE WHY
I'VE ALWAYS LIKED
NO. YOU MUST GO.
WHAT'S WRONG?
WHAT IS IT?
YOU MUST RETURN
TO YOUR VESSEL.
QUICKLY! DO NOT GIVE
YOUR PRESENCE AWAY.
-CAPTAIN.
-CAPTAIN KIRK, WHAT --
EVERYONE ONBOARD IS ALL RIGHT?
FINE, CAPTAIN. BUT YOU?
THAT'S ALL. BUT THAT'S ENOUGH.
MR. SCOTT, I'M BEWILDERED,
WHAT DID HE MEAN, WE'RE NOT
TO GIVE OURSELVES AWAY?
CAN'T THEY DETECT
THE SHIP UP HERE?
NO, UNLESS THEY HAVE SCANNERS.
IT'S LIKE A CLOUD
OF SOME KIND.
SEE. THERE.
THE PLANET SINCE YOU VANISHED.
IT'S BEEN BETWEEN US AND
IF LUCIEN PUT IT THERE...
Kirk:
CAPTAIN, THE QUESTIONS BECOME
IF LUCIEN PUT IT THERE,
WHY IS HE HIDING US?
AND WHAT IS OUR DANGER
BY THE REST OF HIS PEOPLE?
IF DISCOVERED
WEAPONS STATUS, MR. SCOTT?
PROTECT OURSELVES.
WE MAY HAVE TO
NO WAY, CAPTAIN.
BUT LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS.
EVERYTHING'S OUT
AND I CAN'T FIGURE OUT
HOW THEY'RE ON.
THEIR MYSTIC SYMBOLS, CAPTAIN.
THE ANCIENTS USED TO DRAW
I BELIEVE THIS IS HOW
SPOCK, DO YOU HONESTLY BELIEVE
WE'RE IN THIS UNIVERSE,
THAT AS LONG AS
WE CAN WORK MAGIC, TOO?
AT HAND, CAPTAIN. WATCH NOW.
ONE USES THE RESOURCES
A VULCAN CHESS PIECE MAGICALLY.
I WILL ATTEMPT TO MOVE
BE THE POWER IN ME.
OF THIS UNIVERSE
MAY THE ENERGY
FORGET IT, SPOCK.
IT WON'T WORK.
IT MUST WORK, DOCTOR.
IT IS LOGICAL HERE.
POWER OF THIS UNIVERSE,
ENTER MY BEING.
I KNOW I CAN.
I BELIEVE I CAN.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
IN THIS INCREDIBLE UNIVERSE,
A PART OF THE NATURAL LAWS
IT APPEARS TO BE
AS POTENT A FORCE
THAT BELIEF IS
AS ENERGY AND MATTER
ARE IN OUR OWN.
GOOD LUCK.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
LEARNING TO PROTECT OURSELVES,
LUCIEN.
PROTECT YOURSELVES?
IS THAT ALL HUMAN BEINGS
EVER THINK ABOUT?
THAT'S WHAT FRIENDS ARE FOR.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF YOU.
ALL THIS MENTAL ENERGY
IT CAN BE TRACED.
YOU'RE USING,
YOU'LL BE FOUND.
HAVE BEEN FOUND!
Booming voice:
SO, THE PEOPLE OF EARTH
WOULD SPREAD THEIR EVIL
TO OUR HOME?
FOR HUMAN PERFIDY THIS TIME.
WE ARE READY
THIS TIME, IT IS THE HUMANS
WHO SHALL SUFFER,
THE HUMANS, AND YOU, LUCIEN,
WHO SHALL PAY!
[RUMBLING]
[ALARMS BLARING]
Kirk: KEEP CALM.
IT LOOKS LIKE ANCIENT EARTH,
SPOCK. 16th OR 17th CENTURY,
I'D GUESS.
APPROXIMATELY 1691, CAPTAIN.
HISTORICAL RECORDS CORRECTLY.
SALEM, MASSACHUSETTS,
IF I RECALL YOUR
WE ARE GATHERED HERE TODAY,
TO SEE JUSTICE DONE.
GOOD CITIZENS,
YOU ARE THE JUDGES.
THESE ARE THE DEFENDANTS,
OF THE VILEST SPECIES
IN ALL THE UNIVERSE,
AS REPRESENTATIVES
TREACHEROUS HUMANITY,
WHO WOULD AID THEM.
AND THOSE
IN THE ETHICS OF MAGIC,
AS A SPECIALIST
I HAVE BEEN APPOINTED
PROSECUTOR HERE.
WAIT. IF THIS IS A TRIAL,
WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO KNOW
WHAT YOU THINK WE'VE DONE.
HAS THIS ONE NOT TOLD YOU
HOW WE VISITED YOUR EARTH?
OR WHAT WAS DONE TO US THERE?
THAT YOU CAME AS WISE MEN,
LUCIEN HAS SAID ONLY
HELPFUL WIZARDS.
THEN HEAR THIS.
KNOW THAT ONCE,
UPON YOUR WORLD,
I WAS KNOWN AS ASMODEUS,
HE WHO SEES ALL.
GAZE UPON MY COUNTENANCE,
SO THAT YOU TOO MAY SEE.
WE CAME TO YOUR WORLD
AS FRIENDS.
BUT WHEREVER WE WENT,
INVARIABLY THE SAME.
THE STORY WAS
SOME HUMANS WOULD ATTEMPT
TO USE US TO GAIN POWER,
TO SERVE THEIR OWN GREED
AND LUST.
WHEN WE REFUSED TO SERVE THEM,
THEY TURNED AGAINST US
AND TAUGHT OTHER HUMANS
TO FEAR US, TO HATE.
WARLOCKS, EVIL SORCERERS.
THEY CALLED US DEVILS,
THOSE OF US WHO SURVIVED
IN MASSACHUSETTS, AS SETTLERS,
CAME TO THE TOWN OF SALEM
AND TRIED TO LIVE
LIKE OTHER MEN.
BUT YOU MADE MISTAKES,
USED YOUR POWERS...
AND BURNED FOR IT. BURNED!
AS WITCHES.
WE MASSED TOGETHER,
OUTSIDE THE TOWN,
IMMERSED OURSELVES
IN MEGAN LORE,
ENOUGH TO UNITE OUR MINDS
REVIVED OURSELVES
INTO OUR OWN UNIVERSE,
AND REACH
HELLISH EARTH TO MEGAS-TU.
TAP ENOUGH OF ITS POWER
TO RETURN FROM YOUR
AND LONELINESS AND FEAR!
FEAR THE EARTHLINGS?
SHOULD WE NOT
THE CRUELTY OF OUTSIDERS?
SHOULD WE NOT FEAR
NEVER AGAIN HAVE WE EXPLORED.
HAS COMPANIONSHIP BEEN SOUGHT.
NEVER AGAIN
YET HERE YOU ARE.
CAN FIND US, FRIEND KIRK,
AND IF ONE EARTH SHIP
THEN SO CAN OTHERS.
THAT'S WHAT THEY FEAR.
WE DO NOT WANT TO HURT YOU.
TO HURT ANYONE BEFORE.
WE HAVE NEVER HAD
SOME REASON NOT TO...
IF THERE WERE
OF THE EARTH HUMANS?
WHO WILL SPEAK
IN DEFENSE
I WILL, ASMODEUS.
I AM NOT OF EARTH.
YES, YOU ARE DIFFERENT.
THE COURT WILL HEAR A DEFENSE.
AS MY FIRST WITNESS.
I CALL LUCIEN
LUCIEN, YOU ALONE
OF ALL THOSE HERE
DO NOT SEEM TO FEAR
OR HATE HUMANS.
WHY?
THEY ARE LIKE ME,
WITH QUESTIONS
TO BE ANSWERED,
THAT RANGE OUTWARD, BOUNDLESS.
WITH MINDS
IN HIS SPHERE OF KNOWLEDGE.
BUT EVERY MEGAN
IS ALWAYS ALONE
HUMANS ARE ALWAYS TOGETHER.
THEY SHARE.
WHEN I SAW IT ARRIVE.
I ADOPTED YOUR SHIP
THAT IS WHY
THANK YOU, LUCIEN.
NEXT WITNESS, PLEASE.
CAPTAIN JAMES T. KIRK.
TELL THE COURT, PLEASE,
CAPTAIN KIRK.
HUMANS HAVE CHANGED?
THAT SINCE SALEM,
WOULD YOU SAY
I THINK WE'VE BEEN TRYING TO,
SPOCK.
HUMANS HAVE THEIR FAULTS,
GREED, ENVY, PANICKY FEAR.
SINCE THE SALEM WITCH TRIALS,
BUT IN THE CENTURIES
WE HAVE LEARNED.
AND RESPECT ALL LIFE FORMS.
WE TRY TO UNDERSTAND
COULD YOU ELABORATE?
INDEED, CAPTAIN.
THE RECORDS OF THE ENTERPRISE
ARE OPEN FOR YOUR INSPECTION.
ALL THE HISTORY OF EARTH
IS AT YOUR DISPOSAL.
AND THE FEDERATION
LOOK...LOOK AT GENERAL ORDER
NUMBER 1 --
WITH THE NORMAL DEVELOPMENT
NO STARSHIP MAY INTERFERE
OF ANY ALIEN LIFE
OR SOCIETY.
WITH THE EARTH YOU ONCE KNEW.
COMPARE THAT
ENOUGH! HERE IS YOUR HISTORY.
HERE ARE YOUR RECORDS.
CITIZENS, YOU HAVE HEARD,
YOU HAVE READ.
HOW DO YOU VOTE?
ACCORDING TO YOUR RECORDS,
YOUR ENTRY HERE
WAS AN ACCIDENT
UNLIKELY TO BE DUPLICATED.
PLUS ALL YOU HAVE SAID,
WITH THAT IN MIND,
THAT MEGAS-TU IS SAFE.
IT SEEMS TO US
MUST BE PUNISHED.
BUT LUCIEN
FOR HIS BETRAYAL
OF HIS PEOPLE,
HE SHALL BE CONFINED IN LIMBO
FOR ALL ETERNITY,
WITH ONLY HIMSELF.
TO LIVE
NO!
SOMEONE LIKE LUCIEN,
TO ISOLATE
AS SENTENCING HIM TO DEATH.
THAT'S THE SAME
DO YOU REALIZE
WHO YOU DEFEND?
HIS NAME IS LUCIEN.
HE HAS TOLD YOU
WOULD YOU DEFEND HIM STILL
HE HAD ANOTHER NAME, TOO?
IF YOU KNEW
THE TEMPTER. LUCIFER.
THE ROLLICKER.
[THUNDER CRACKING]
WE'RE NOT INTERESTED
IN LEGEND.
AN INTELLIGENT LIFE FORM.
HE'S A LIVING BEING,
THAT'S ALL WE HAVE TO
KNOW ABOUT HIM.
WE WILL NOT JOIN
IN HARMING HIM.
YOU HAVEN'T THE POWER
SUBMIT, CAPTAIN.
TO FIGHT US.
CAPTAIN, USE THE MAGIC
YOU KNOW. BELIEVE.
BEAT AN ENTIRE PLANET,
Asmodeus: YOU CANNOT
CAPTAIN KIRK.
THERE IS NO WAY YOU CAN WIN.
I HAVE TO.
AS THE EARTHMEN YOU FEAR.
OR YOU'LL BECOME AS BAD
YOU'RE ACTING OUT OF TERROR,
INSTEAD OF OUT OF THOUGHT
OR RESPECT.
Asmodeus: YOU WERE PREPARED
TO DIE FOR LUCIEN,
A BEING WHO IS
ALIEN TO YOU?
AS I WAS SURE YOU WOULD,
FRIEND KIRK.
THEIR FEARS WERE GROUNDLESS.
I TOLD THEM
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
OF YOUR INTENTIONS, CAPTAIN.
THIS LAST WAS A TEST
YOUR RECORDS WERE NO RUSE.
WE HAD TO BE CERTAIN
WE HAVE BEEN TRICKED BEFORE
MUCH TO OUR PAIN AND SORROW.
I SEE.
HAD TO HAVE PROOF
THE MEGANS
THAT MANKIND HAD GROWN
AND LEARNED WISDOM
SINCE THEY LAST SAW EARTH.
WAS THAT PROOF, CAPTAIN.
YOUR COMPASSION
SHOULD VISIT US NOW,
IF YOUR PEOPLE
WE SHALL DO OUR BEST
TO WELCOME THEM.
THE BANISHMENT OF FEAR
WILL HELP US ALL.
OLD EARTH CUSTOM OF MINE,
Lucien: A FAVORITE
ASMODEUS.
A TOAST TO A NEW FRIENDSHIP.
ALL SYSTEMS GO, CAPTAIN.
WE'RE BACK TO NORMAL.
Scotty:
NO MORE MAGIC FOR US, JIM.
IT'S ALL BACK THERE.
SOME MEN CALL LUCIFER?
REALLY WAS THE DEMON
YOU THINK LUCIEN
DOES IT REALLY MATTER, BONES?
Spock: IT JUST MIGHT, CAPTAIN.
IF HE WAS,
THIS WOULD BE THE SECOND TIME
LUCIFER WAS CAST OUT,
THE FIRST TIME HE WAS SAVED.
AND, THANKS TO YOU,